B in being settled by a particular A to a particular B is some content filling up the actuallity of the interpretant and more precisely speaking is a coordination of an indefinite number of properties.

According to the way the interpretant is indifferent, some properties are bounded and others nonbounded. Nonbounded properties are so to speak don't-care properties.

The indifference where almost all properties are nonbounded can only be found at an interpretant like roadside stones.

B in being settled by a particular A to a particular B is a coordination of an indefinite number of properties. Each of such coodinations contains its own contrast between the bounded properties and the nonbounded ones.

For example, when an instrument P gets damaged, the properties making the instrument play a specific role get bounded and the other properties keep nonbounded. When an instrument P gets damaged, a contrast between the properties making the instrument play a specific role gets bounded and the other properties gets definite. This getting definite can be formulated as: There is something that is not a P.

The formulation that there is something that is not P comes earlier than the formulation that there is something that is P. The former formulation not the latter is a formulation that some properties get bounded. The latter is a formulation of possible settlements other than the actual settlement. Therefore, The former formulation comes earlier than the latter formulation.

「Pであるものがある」という定式化は、想起に対応する。道具が壊れることの例で言えば、道具が特定の役割を果たすように作られていることに関係づけられる諸性質が、道具が壊れている現実におけるものとは異なるものである可能性を想起することの定式化が、「Pであるものがある」である。

例えば、何ものかが接近してきたために身構えている猫は、この意味での想起をおこなっている。

いずれにせよ、記号過程にまつわる現実及び現実とは別様の可能性の定式化は、「Pでないものがある」であったり「Pであるものがある」であったりするだけで、主述の形式は取らない。性質の担い手が個体individualであり、つまり、個体とは無数の性質のcoordinationである。

無数の性質のcoordinationは、乗り慣れた自転車を自由に乗り回しているときのように、通常は「特定のAによって特定のBへと規定されること」という記号過程の単なる進行をもたらす。しかし、例えば道具が壊れると、「Pでないものがある」という形で、いくつかの性質Pが境界づけられた性質として確定的definiteとなる。そして、「Pでないものがある」という現実が別様である可能性、つまり、「Pであるものがある」が想起される。

主述形式の主語の位置にくるもの、つまり、個物(particular)は、境界づけられていない諸性質によって諸個体(individuals)が同一視されたものである。
